Add a step for manually enabling el8 modules during upgrade (#1900)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/upgrading_a_connected_satellite_server.adoc

--enable {RepoRHEL8ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion} \
--enable {RepoRHEL8ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion}
----

> If the {Project} {ProductVersionPrevious} system was upgraded from {RHEL} 7 to {RHEL} 8 using Leapp, manually enable the Satellite module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Satellite module must be enabled manually if the {Project} {ProductVersionPrevious} system was upgraded from {RHEL} 7 to {RHEL} 8 using Leapp.
```
Another option if you like.

Author: Hey @mjivraja thanks, I'll restructure the sentence to: 
`Enable the Satellite module manually if the {Project} {ProductVersionPrevious} system was upgraded from {RHEL} 7 to {RHEL} 8 using Leapp.`

to avoid passive voice. What do you think?

Reviewer: This even looks good :+1:

Author: Hey, @mjivraja I was wondering if it makes more sense to keep the sentence as is since it makes more sense to mention the condition for performing the step so that customers don't jump the gun and enable the module even when it isn't needed.

Reviewer: Yes. It also makes sense. 

( I learned to prioritize the structure over sequence but need to rethink on it again.)

--enable {RepoRHEL8ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion} \
--enable {RepoRHEL8ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion}
----

> ifdef::satellite[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This is already in the Satellite section, no need to add another `ifdef`.

> If the {Project}-{ProductVersionPrevious} system is upgraded from RHEL7 to RHEL8 using using LEAPP, manually enable the Satellite module:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the {Project} {ProductVersionPrevious} system was upgraded from {RHEL} 7 to {RHEL} 8 using Leapp, manually enable the Satellite module:
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# dnf module enable satellite:el8
----

> endif::[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This is already in the Satellite section, no need to add another `ifdef`.
